add more readme, update links (#4)
portertech/sensu-severity-filter: README.md

This Filter Asset implements the [Sensu 1.x built-in Handler
severities filter logic][2].

> The logic excludes events unless their check exit status matches
> the specified severity, excepting of certain "ok" severity events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The severities filter logic excludes events unless their check exit status matches
the specified severity, except for certain "ok" severity events. 
```

> OK events are allowed when the available check history includes
> a match for the specified severity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OK-severity events are allowed when the available check history includes
a match for the specified severity.
```
